Update migrate-to-runtime.md (#1939)
astronomer/docs: software/migrate-to-runtime.md

import {siteVariables} from '@site/src/versions';

> Astro Runtime builds on the reliability of Astronomer Certified (AC) with new features that center on usability and performance. Beginning with Astronomer Software 0.29, Astro Runtime is available for Astronomer Software users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime builds on the reliability of Astronomer Certified (AC) with new features that center on usability and performance. Astro Runtime is available with Astronomer Software 0.29 and later.
```

> Astro Runtime builds on the reliability of Astronomer Certified (AC) with new features that center on usability and performance. Astro Runtime is available with Astronomer Software 0.29 and later.
> 
> Migrating a Deployment to Astro Runtime is similar to the standard upgrade process. There are no known disruptions when migrating a Deployment from AC to the equivalent version of Astro Runtime.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime builds on the reliability of Astronomer Certified (AC) with new features that center on usability and performance.

Migrating a Deployment to Astro Runtime is similar to the standard upgrade process. There are no known disruptions when migrating a Deployment from AC to the equivalent version of Astro Runtime.

## Prerequisites

To migrate to Astro Runtime, you must have Astronomer Software 0.29 or later. See [Upgrade Astronomer](upgrade-astronomer.md).

```
